Add 3.14.0 headline features (#2221)
theforeman/theforeman.org: _includes/manuals/3.14/1.2_release_notes.md

### Headline features

> #### IPV6 Support

Reviewer: Typically it's written as
```suggestion
#### IPv6 Support
```

> Satellite deployment and operation in IPv6 networks is now fully supported. Dual stack deployments have not been tested and are not supported.

Reviewer: Please fix the branding. In upstream we also have a different definition of supported. Red Hat interprets supported as you can call support if it's broken while in upstream you can only ask around in the community. They don't care about supported vs not supported so probably leave it out and emphasize IPv6-only.

Something like this perhaps?

```suggestion
Deployment and operation in IPv6-only networks is now fully supported.
```

Provisioning over IPv6 is supported on bare metal hosts.

> For compute resources, you can define the machine outside Satellite on the compute resource and then you can provision the machine as bare metal in Satellite.

Reviewer: Why would image mode not work on IPv6-only? If that isn't supported I wouldn't call IPv6-only fully supported.

Also, please fix the branding.

> #### Support for Secure Boot provisioning

Reviewer: I'd keep the header short
```suggestion
#### Secure Boot provisioning
```

> Provide support for Secure Boot provisioning on bare-metal, VMware vSphere and Libvirt across multiple operating systems.

Reviewer: I don't think the word `Provide` adds a lot.

> #### Invalidating JWT for global registration

Reviewer: Looking at the writers, but I think this reads better as a title.
```suggestion
#### Invalidate JWT for global registration
```
